this caribou hides gonna make a
nice blanket
you don't just replicator behind
off of the caribou and start
sleeping on it's gotta be
cleaned up your still fat on
here these warble fly maggots
and i'm cleaning off
what flies Lee eggs on caribou
and their fur and some time with
eggs hatch little maggots born
under the skin down the legs
usually then they migrate up to
the back kind of a pain because
they degrade the hide some
people find it kind of tedious
bus have to work taking all that
stuff off you want to hide the
last you don't want any fatter
junk that's going to be rancid
on it without cutting holes
through the heart that's the big
thing
it's a very delicate operation
the goal is to get to hide
flexible soft after it dries
mostly is by scraping sometimes
chewing on it is what you'll see
is you actually see it turning
the leather right here if you
just choose a little bit
you know the old days people is
to hide all time
so I've actually helps it a lot
of people don't get to do stuff
like this and everybody used to
do this
everybody used to work on hides
that was just a normal way of
life
it's a special feeling when
you've got your food and your
betting on a mountain that you
can see right out the window
where you are in your cabin
that's what subsistence living
is it's just nice just like
doing the dishes like chopping
firewood working on a hide you
see the results right in front
of your eyes look at that
beautiful
that's gonna make a beautiful
blanket I like it